nEXT Turbomolecular Pumps IEDWARDS
20
END USER SERVICEABLITY 
New technologies employed in nEXT have enabled the pumps to be serviced by the end user in the field. An oil 
lubrication cartridge change can be performed where fitted, typically in less than 5 minutes. A full bearing change 
can also be performed by the end user in around 10 minutes on all nEXT pumps. Both with the minimum of specialist 
tooling. These simple interventions will, in many cases, mean that the pump never requires a full return to base 
service during its lifetime.
nEXT turbomolecular pumps will advise the user when a service is due and what level of intervention is required.  
The user is alerted to a service request by a simple flashing LED sequence on the pumps and by serial  
comms notification.
Flexibility is again key as these simple services can be performed either by the end user, on site by an Edwards field 
service technician, or the pump can be returned to an Edwards service hub.
Using remote diagnostics, a user can interrogate the pump to determine how long it is to the next service so that a 
proactive approach to preventative maintenance can be planned.
PROLONGED PEACE OF MIND 
Extending the new equipment warranty gives you a simple opportunity to add 
peace of mind to your purchase of new equipment, should a fault occur as a 
result of a manufacturing defect, equipment is expressly repaired or replaced.
Cover is available on many of our products allowing the original factory 
warranty to be extended from 12 months to 2 years and beyond.
YOUR GLOBAL PARTNER 
We understand the importance of local support. Edwards has a number 
of major service facilities located throughout the world, each location is 
supported by an extensive team of engineers and technicians to provide 
local, rapid response and great value service. All our service operations are 
conducted at the highest international standards in accordance with ISO9001 
(Quality), ISO14001 (Environmental), and OHSAS18001 (Workplace safety).
nEXT55, 85, 240, 300, 400 nEXT730, 930 and 1230
